gh-115582: Make default PC/pyconfig.h work for free-threaded builds with manual /DPy_GIL_DISABLED (#115850)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Windows/2024-02-23-11-43-43.gh-issue-115582.sk1XPi.rst

Building extensions intended for free-threaded builds of CPython now require

> defining :envvar:`Py_GIL_DISABLED` manually when using a regular install. This

Reviewer: is it an env var, or a preprocessor define?

Author: Hah, good point! I don't think we have a role for preprocessor defines, so I'll make it something obvious.

> defining :envvar:`Py_GIL_DISABLED` manually when using a regular install. This

Author: ```suggestion
compiling with ``/DPy_GIL_DISABLED`` manually when using a regular install. This
```
